README.md, before:

# @telamonian/theme-darcula

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/telamonian/theme-darcula.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/telamonian/theme-darcula)

Darcula theme for Jupyterlab. Modelled after the classic Intellij theme. **Update**: dark scrollbars have been added.

![darcula_preview](darcula_preview.png)

## Prerequisites

* JupyterLab

## Installation

#### Command line install

```bash
jupyter labextension install @telamonian/theme-darcula
```

#### GUI install

Alternatively, you can install the darcula theme using JupyterLab's new Extension Manager GUI, if you have it enabled. Just open the Extension Manager, enter `@telamonian/theme-darcula` in the search bar, and then follow the prompts to install.

You can find instructions for [enabling the Extension Manager here](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/blob/master/docs/source/user/extensions.rst#using-the-extension-manager). The Manager was only recently added, so you'll need to have a new enough version of JupyterLab (one that was released sometime after 07.2018).

## Scrollbars

This is the first JupyterLab extension (that I know of) that styles dark scrollbars correctly on most browsers. With the latest release of Firefox (65), all of the major browsers except for one now support at least some styling of the native scrollbars. The only one left out at this point is Edge. If you're using Edge this theme will still work, but it won't give you the nice dark scrollbars.

See [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-webkit-scrollbar) and [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Scrollbars) for more info.

## Development

For a development install (requires npm version 4 or later), do the following in the repository directory:

```bash
npm install
jupyter labextension link .
```

To rebuild the package and the JupyterLab app:

```bash
npm run build
jupyter lab build
```

Commit message:

Initial commit for the gruvbox theme version 0.1.0
Major elements are ported to the new colorscheme. Known issues:
- Error message contains non-gruvbox palette
- Commands search input has blue borders

README.md, after:

# @Rahlir/theme-gruvbox

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Rahlir/theme-gruvbox.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Rahlir/theme-gruvbox)

Gruvbox dark theme for Jupyter Lab. Modelled on classic gruvbox color pallette and gruvbox theme from [jupyter-themes](https://github.com/dunovank/jupyter-themes).

![darcula_preview](darcula_preview.png)

## Prerequisites

* JupyterLab

## Installation

#### Command line install

```bash
jupyter labextension install @rahlir/theme-gruvbox
```

#### GUI install

Alternatively, you can install the darcula theme using JupyterLab's new Extension Manager GUI, if you have it enabled. Just open the Extension Manager, enter `@rahlir/theme-gruvbox` in the search bar, and then follow the prompts to install.

You can find instructions for [enabling the Extension Manager here](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/blob/master/docs/source/user/extensions.rst#using-the-extension-manager). The Manager was only recently added, so you'll need to have a new enough version of JupyterLab (one that was released sometime after 07.2018).

## Scrollbars

This is the first JupyterLab extension (that I know of) that styles dark scrollbars correctly on most browsers. With the latest release of Firefox (65), all of the major browsers except for one now support at least some styling of the native scrollbars. The only one left out at this point is Edge. If you're using Edge this theme will still work, but it won't give you the nice dark scrollbars.

See [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-webkit-scrollbar) and [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Scrollbars) for more info.

## Development

For a development install (requires npm version 4 or later), do the following in the repository directory:

```bash
npm install
jupyter labextension link .
```

To rebuild the package and the JupyterLab app:

```bash
npm run build
jupyter lab build
```
